https://geoservice.planning.nyc.gov
Use the above link for geocoding, faster than OSM Nominatim
You can go two ways:
Load everything you get at the start, or require filtering before hand
Maybe require filtering, but before hand show upcoming events, like the
most popular ones.
-The times are really precise with start and end times, so use that for the
filtering function on the web page.
- Get and load precinct, community board and other geoJSONs and link them to the
search of events
- 
Park has GIS PropNum, ompropid, gisobjid

Park permit areas has GIS PropNum for parks, and OMPPROPID (Unique identification number for a 
property or portion of a property. In some cases – a standalone, smaller park for example – 
this number will be equivalent to the GIS Property Number. In other cases – a zone, playground 
or other site within a larger park – an additional designation of letters and/or numbers will be added.)
or just Name, or SubPropertyName or SYSTEM(i think is best, over Name) or CEMSID, PropertyName is park name

Use Athletic Fields Too. 

i think they load now.

so add filtering.

for next meeting:
add the filtering, hide the layers and add the searching

user types something, dropdown shows what event name has that string
advanced filtering options: time, event type, borough

make filtering like nyc opendata, where you can pick more than one case

add list or table to filtering

10/13
So i noticed how there are instances where i select all events of a event type across all
boroughs. that is because I couldnt link them to a park subproperty. For those I have to link
them to something, maybe actually use geoservice.

todo:
add date filtering, start and end
make table look like table
multiple options for event types

11/08
Advanced Filter: event type gets all type of events, even those not captured in layer yet
event date is fine, not specified for time
borough filter is fine, if all have to specify for all

todo:
consider street segments where there is more than one line segment in use
add a spinning circle animation until all the data is loaded: so far it takes ~29 seconds
some some events have > 1 street segment. for those, the only lat lon pairs are plotted. if they are valid
they do give segment ids, so I would have to call the geoservice api again to get the other segments
its the api call that has multiple in one column, from nyc open datas

11/10
after meeting:
fix box, make it interactive
add mutliple street segments, if possible
fix styling
the loading screen takes too long

11/30
have a loading bar now.
also fix api call for just 30 days ahead.

12/5
replace table with tabulator
fix up readme
write one page summary and email

12/29
Additions: perhaps add a suggestions tool on what user is interested in finding
must do: rewrite Readme.